Hi everyone, let's go on an exciting journey to learn about festivals and traditions in the
Gulf region.
Festivals are special times when families and communities come together to celebrate.
They bring happiness, teach us about our culture, and help us stay connected.
Let us dive into some of the most amazing festivals in the Gulf.
First, we have Edelfeiter.
After the holy month of Ramadan, Muslims celebrate Edelfeiter.
Families get together, enjoy yummy dishes like kabsah and sweets like mamul, and share
with those in need through charity called Zakat al-Fitr.
It's all about being thankful and spreading joy.
Another important festival is Edel-Ada.
It happens after the Hodge Pilgrimage, where Muslims from all over the world visit the
Holy City of Mecca in Saudi Arabia.
Families share meals and donate food to help others, remembering Prophet Ibrahim's story
of faith.
Edel-Ada teaches us about kindness and helping others.
Now let's talk about national days in the Gulf.
Every year, each Gulf country celebrates its own national day.
For example, the UAE on December 2nd, Oman on November 18th, and Qatar on December 18th.
There are fireworks, music, and parades, and the cities are decorated in the colors of
the national flag.
It's a day to feel proud and happy.
Did you know there are also regional festivals?
In parts of the Gulf, there's the Rose Festival in spring, where beautiful Damascus roses
are turned into perfumes.
In date-growing regions of the Gulf, there's the dates festival, celebrating one of the most
important fruits in the region.
And in the southern mountain areas like Do Far and Oman, there's the Kareep Festival,
with amazing dances and handmade crafts.
The Gulf's festivals are like colorful threads in a beautiful tapestry, weaving together
history, culture, and faith.
They remind us to celebrate-